   OF CAIN AND ABEL (Editor's Note: this article has not been edited for accuracy.)
   
   Sample of testing:   (IMAGE: Cain and Abel Palmer.png)
      
   The story of Cain and Abel is told in Genesis iv. Cain was the elder
   brother and Abel the younger, and Cain killed Abel. The Egyptian story of
   Typhon and Osiris, and the Jewish story in Genesis of Cain and Abel, have
   the appearance of being the same story differently told, and that it came
   originally from Egypt.

   In the Egyptian story, Typhon and Osiris are brothers; Typhon is the elder
   and Osiris the younger, and Typhon kills Osiris. The story is an allegory
   on Darkness and Light: Typhon, the elder brother, is Darkness because
   Darkness was supposed to be more ancient than Light: Osiris is the Good
   Light who rules during the summer months, and brings forth the fruits of
   the earth, and is the favorite, as Abel is said to have been; for which
   Typhon hates him; and when the winter comes, and cold and darkness
   overspread the earth, Typhon is represented as having killed Osiris out of
   malice, as Cain is said to have killed Abel.

   The two stories are alike in their circumstances and their event, and are
   probably but the same story. What corroborates this opinion is that the
   fifth chapter of Genesis historically contradicts the reality of the story
   of Cain and Abel in the fourth chapter; for though the name of Seth, a son
   of Adam, is mentioned in the fourth chapter, he is spoken of in the fifth
   chapter as if he was the first born of Adam. The chapter begins thus:

   "This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created
   man, in the likeness of God created He him; male and female created he
   them, and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they
   were created. And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years and begat a son,
   in his own likeness and after his image, and called his name Seth." The
   rest of the chapter goes on with the genealogy.

   Anybody reading this chapter cannot suppose there were any sons born
   before Seth. The chapter begins with what is called the creation of Adam,
   and calls itself the book of the generations of Adam, yet no mention is
   made of such persons as Cain and Abel.

   One thing however is evident on the face of these two chapters, which  is
   that the same person is not the writer of both; the most blundering
   historian could not have committed himself in such a manner.

   Though I look on everything in the first ten chapters of Genesis to be
   fiction, yet fiction historically told should be consistent; whereas these
   two chapters are not. The Cain and Abel of Genesis appear to be no other
   than the ancient Egyptian story of Typhon and Osiris, the Darkness and the
   Light, which answered very well as an allegory without being believed as a
   Fact.
